ATTRIBUTION

The terms hereby stated in this document of the law apply to iCraft, a free server software for the game "Minecraft". All terms of attribution are parented by the license over the software, the Creative Commons by-nc-sa 3.0, which is contained in the root directory of the iCraft software.

CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF
THIS LICENSE DOES NOT CREATE AN ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE INFORMATION
PROVIDED, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ITS USE.

The terms of attribution follow. According to the way you use/distribute this software, you must follow such instructions. Any terms of higher severity (i.e. Relicensing above Modification) carry on terms from lower severity attribution.

This license is subject to change without warning or consent. In the event that it does, the old version becomes void in favour of the new one, and any and all releases must follow this license. This means that everyone must abide by the new license, even if the copy they downloaded was under an older version of it.

1. Execution
No terms apply to this section of attribution, however if any sort of source code is modified, the next section of attribution must be followed as well.

2. Modification
If one uses the source code of iCraft in modification, specific terms must comply. These include, and are not limited to:

a. The original content must stay in the "/credits" command, and only addition to the context and source of this command is allowed to preserve credits where they apply.
b. The command "/about" must stay mentioned in the "/help" command, as well as "/credits" being mentioned in "/help" and "/about" too.
c. All persons of the VIP in-gaming rank (yellow name) must stay intact. Although users may be added to this list, the users that were originally on it may not.
d. You can not remove the notification of the 'spotted' messages for joining OR the message of being a 'developer' in the "/who playername" command

3. Redistribution
"Redistribution" applys to software forking, release of modified source code, and any other related actions. Terms from before apply here as well, along with the fact that it must be stated in "/about" that the iCraft software was used as a base for the released source code.
If one wishes to change the attribution terms with the release of modified source code, then the terms in Section 4 apply to the mentioned situation.
Copyright headers in all source code files also must mention that the software was forked from iCraft.
The forked software, if released for public download, must be forked from the iCraft BitBucket.

4. Relicensing
To relicense a copy of iCraft, the pursuer of the license change must contact the iCraft Developmental Team in order to obtain instructions about how to continue forward.

Any attempts to deny these terms CAN and WILL result in legal action. If there are any questions about this licensing, please contact us at http://hlmc.net/.
